issue/177 (#233)
culibraries/folio: docs/apps/circulation.md

1. Click **Cancel Request**
1. Select *Reason for Cancelation*
1. Selection of "Other" requires that the additional info field be filled
1. Click **Confirm**

## Mark item as unavailable

In the `Inventory`app:

1. Enter Identifier (barcode, title, etc.) in the searchbox and hit enter
1. Search results appear on the right. Click on **Item Record** to open item panel
1. Click on **Holdings Info** for the specific item
1. Click on the **Item Barcode** (should be hyperlinked) which opens the item record
1. Click *Actions* dropdown
1. Select **Mark as unavailable**
1. **Confirm**

> 1. To make available again item must be checked in

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To make available again item must be checked in at any Service Point.
```
I think we should pull this out into it's own sentence since it is not directly part of the procedure, but is great information to include.
